[datadog_dashboards] [datadog_powerpacks] add custom_links support to treemap widgets (#2923)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/dashboard_widget_field_rules.md

# Rules for Adding Fields to Dashboard Widgets

> ## Before Making Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before making changes
```

> 1. Check if the field is already implemented in the widget's schema and build functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if the field is already implemented in the widget's schema and build functions.
```
Each item in these lists is a full sentence, so typically each one would end with a period, as shown in the suggestions. I won't make suggestions for all of them though, just to avoid cluttering your PR.

2. Review the dashboard.yml API spec to understand the field's structure and requirements
3. Look at similar implementations in other widgets for consistent patterns

> ## Implementation Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementation steps
```

> 1. Start Small: Make changes one at a time and review each change independently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start small: Make changes one at a time and review each change independently
```

> 2. Follow Existing Patterns: Use the same field implementation pattern as seen in other widgets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Follow existing patterns: Use the same field implementation pattern as seen in other widgets
```

> 3. Required Components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Required components:
```

>    - Add field to widget's schema definition function (e.g., `getTreemapDefinitionSchema`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add field to widget's schema definition function (such as `getTreemapDefinitionSchema`)
```
Replace all instances of "e.g." with something like "such as" or "for example,", since we try to avoid e.g. in our copy.

   - Add field handling in Terraform-to-Datadog build function (e.g., `buildDatadogTreemapDefinition`)
   - Add field handling in Datadog-to-Terraform build function (e.g., `buildTerraformTreemapDefinition`)
 

> ## Common Gotchas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common gotchas
```

1. Don't modify existing working code (e.g., title fields that are already implemented)
2. Ensure field names in schema match the API spec
3. Use existing helper functions when available (e.g., `getWidgetCustomLinkSchema` for custom links)
4. Maintain consistent naming between schema and build functions

## Testing
1. Test both directions of conversion (Terraform to Datadog and vice versa)
2. Verify optional vs required field behavior
3. Test with and without the field present

## Documentation
1. Include field descriptions in schema
2. Follow existing patterns for validation and types
3. Document any special handling or requirements 

> ## Example Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example configuration
```
